[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is jeff ramsey
and with me as always uh andrew panton
and gavin free my two best little
friends in the world how are you guys
doing
good i'm doing great how are you doing
gavin good oh you know nothing okay
great fantastic this is good this is
like old homicides this is like no no no
no no he's here though
he's in the [__] discord yeah but i
don't he's he clearly can't hear us or
he's talking or his mic has an issue we
went through this last time right we're
like his mic wasn't connected to the
correct thing
before the episode started we said that
face isn't really like a technical
that's not okay
i was muted like further up the discord
so not in this i thought you know that's
not technical difficulties that's
technical [__]
uh
so uh
kevin how are you doing now that you got
a voice not too bad thanks for asking
okay
i didn't get a thanks i asked you first
thanks for asking andrew thank you thank
you
my date is complete now so i have uh i
was telling them gav in the in the uh
pleasantries i had prepared a little
photo essay for today and then it
expanded in ways that i did not
anticipate um did it expand due to my
recent visit
it might have that might be a part of it
and i'd like to
so i'd like to begin a story
and then pause the story and then come
back to the story at the end if i can
okay
uh i'd like to play a little game with
you guys where i'm gonna send some
photos out and i'll see if you can tell
what's going on uh
i had to make a special directory on my
phone just for all the facebooks first
off i gotta let you guys know right now
i'm a little loopy i'm a little tired i
have not been sleeping well i've been
sleeping in my office all week
oh no
what
yeah we got some troop shelves going up
yeah we do we do we have bedroom shelves
going up and let me show you uh
here [__] where's the album here we go
you had it all right so i can't sleep
and i can't sleep in my bedroom
right now because of this we're getting
uh
we're getting [__] put on the wall i
don't know what to call that wall
mentally close
yeah you're like like trim done triple a
wall like ornate wall trim now it's not
going to be white i sent you guys a
photo it's a blue dart so the color is
called bedroom boudoir it's a very dull
uh it's been that cover forever color
ever but i'm getting
we wanted to get those added in to fancy
it up and really make it pop yeah like
nick said uh so that'll be all the same
color it won't be so so it won't stand
out as much and my ceiling has a bunch
of like
popcorn on it not exactly popcorn but uh
like 90s weird texture that's just so
[__] gross and every night when i
fall to sleep the last thing i see is
a really bad decision somebody made in
the mid-90s
we decided to to fix the walls and do
that at the same time so they're like
removing all the texture from the
ceiling and then they're gonna paint it
the same color as the walls so my
bedroom will be like a sex cave uh and
uh i'm pretty jazzed about it but
because of that uh everything that lived
in my bedroom has to be everywhere else
in my house so my king-size bed is i'm
currently backed up against it in in the
library right now so for why we had like
40 episodes where i was doing the
podcast for my bedroom now the bedroom
came to me
uncomfortable you realize how different
the temperature is from room to room in
an old house
oh yeah it's way hotter on this side on
millie side of the house than my side i
get what she's been bitching about for
so long
[Laughter]
so i'm a little out i'm a little out of
sorts because of that let me start send
you the next photo and this is where the
game begins
okay
and i should just say anyone who wants
to follow along if you watch on our
youtube or the roosters site you will
see the photos as they pop in they will
also be posted on our social media feeds
there's a yes absolutely please play
along that that's a photo uh you guys
will see it's a it's a me and emily uh
i look unhappy
but that's not for any reason other than
i take bad photos and so i make that
face in every photo i figure if i get
ahead of it and i own the bad photo then
it becomes me it's my thing and so emily
looks beautiful and i look constipated
that's by design uh
so get guess what we're doing there uh
and then here's the next here's the next
photo see if you can this is the the
mystery what do you think is going on in
this photo
[Laughter]
what do you think is happening there
what so by the way for audience if you
haven't gone on the instagram yet it's a
photo of a of a
table with two empty chairs and then
there's a group of people uh sitting at
a table in the in the background for
andrew eric and nick i
i know what he's uh gone for here i'm
wondering if uh you guys gavin yeah no
chance i'm trying to i'm trying to well
is it possible i'm gonna guess with the
first photo that you somehow had the
cameras reversed potentially that you
thought it was forward-facing and was
okay facing okay you're overthinking it
a bit uh if anybody else is out does
anybody else want to guess before i just
answer it nick thinks that was it as
well yes eric the photos are definitely
related same restaurant same table if
the photos are related does it have to
do the way you described it does it have
to do with the two empty chairs oh yeah
yeah yeah you're really you're keying in
on on what's going on here
uh i'm not impact taking a photo of the
the group of people behind me i don't
know and i will never know i am taking a
photo of the two empty chairs why would
i be taking a photo of two empty chairs
i'm gonna say that uh you're supposed to
have a wonderful meal with gavin and uh
i'd assume meg
guessing and they no showed would be my
guess based off of the clues that we've
gathered so far it is unbelievable that
mere days after we have to have a
preemptive conversation
about having an intervention for
someone's goddamn lateness he no shows
me at a double date dinner on a saturday
night
i thought i thought i thought i love
this guy i love his girlfriend the best
friends in the world i need to spend
more time with people i'm such a hermit
i made the effort i i emily made a
reservation for this japanese barbecue
place where it's kind of like hot pop
but you just like it's like a big hot
rock in the middle and you just cook all
your food right there
kind of new we were excited about it i
texted gavin on like a thursday and i
said hey i got reservations on 7 p.m on
saturday for this place uh
do you want to go with us emily will
make the reservations and he's like
we're in absolutely send him the
reservations the whole thing
saturday night seven o'clock i sit down
and i think oh [__] he's not gonna show
and emily's like what has he ever no
show dinner before and i go no but
i just have a feeling he's not gonna
show up and she's like that's ridiculous
by 705 i knew it so i texted him and i
said hey buddy and by at about 708 gavin
text back
[__] completely no showed our double
date
i don't know what's wrong with me i
don't know i don't know what's going on
this is i've never done that before so
you have no excuse you just forgot you
just never happened
i i guess i just didn't click the thing
in the email because i think that makes
you a calendar invite what did what i
did instead was i set a reminder on my
phone but all that does is just
put a reminder on my
screen when i look at it it didn't
actually go like hey did it tonight so
when i got the text message
not only did i see jeff saying hey i
also saw the reminder just sat there for
the exact time that i was looking at and
i was just in like a home depot across
town
and i was with meg we were just getting
some stuff and i was just like
oh no oh my goodness
in the middle of the home depot i was
like
and she was like oh my god can we make
it i was like no we even if we leave
right this second we'll be half an hour
late
[Laughter]
complete nightmare
okay
everything's falling apart
i i i'm being a hundred percent honest
when i tell you that i was so [__]
happy
because of this because i knew you had
just given us podcast material which i
infinitely appreciated also
as much as i love you and meg an
opportunity not to talk to people in my
life at this point is always greater
than an opportunity to talk to people so
it was like totally fine we had a lovely
little dinner also japanese barbecue
where you make your own food [__]
great we should all go there together
sometimes i would love to i was really
excited about it
that's fascinating gavin is slipping
this is a real interesting problem it's
on a much lower scale but just i wasn't
even gonna bring it up but with this
story
gavin texted me yesterday
that you're gonna you're gonna text me
back in two hours still haven't got a
text from kevin i think the last episode
that aired we talked about how ezra made
both of us wait like three hours for
dinner at different times immediately
i think we even set when it's too late
to go to the dinner and i think 30
minutes would have been okay under what
we ruled i think a lot he he wouldn't
have made it in 30 minutes uh in austin
i was on the east side of town he would
have been [__]
uh
yes
i mean i i've been i've been busy with
like trying to get filming ready and you
know i got down here and stuff so i'm a
little bit more scatterbrained than
normal but that is no excuse and that is
something like a little cheeky double
date with jeff and emily and meg what's
better than that in a week that's like i
was looking forward to it yeah me too
there's no reason
i'll tell you this i had an opportunity
the next weekend because this was two
weeks ago uh dinner was [__]
amazing eric we gotta go there sometime
uh i had an opportunity the next weekend
to get dinner
and i invited trevor and barbara instead
because i knew they'd show up and they
did
they totally showed up it was fine
uh
i felt i was and for the record gav list
out of everybody in the world before i i
don't want to beat you up too much out
of everybody in the world who
understands being busy and
scatterbrained
it's me i get i was not offended in any
way i wasn't upset you didn't actually
hurt my feelings emily and i laughed
about it for 30 minutes straight we just
joked about how i would talk about the
podcast we decided to do this photo
thing it was it became instant
instant content which i love all i want
to do is live in content anyway right so
i swim around in content so it was it
was a hundred percent fine uh even
before we get to the next phase of that
story uh i just want you to know uh
irrespective of the the second half uh
i it was it was totally okay and you
didn't hurt my feelings well i
appreciate it i mean i obviously i spent
the next four hours feeling pretty bad
about it and then uh most of the next
morning too but yeah well i want you to
feel bad for a while just not forever
yeah
and i never see emily either i'm always
like i talk to you every week but i'm
always really excited to talk to emily
because she really yeah she's great
she's way way more interesting than i am
yeah
so what came next yeah i'm fascinated to
see how this builds okay well we're
going to take a pause on that story i
thought the story was over there but it
turns out it wasn't um today it could
have continued to surprise me uh first
off i was i was going to say also i
fully planned to have a working
prototype maybe even a commercial of the
fruit gloves for you but i realized that
while there are like
muscular dudes with more tattoos than me
doing carpentry in my bedroom looking
way cooler than me i'm i cannot stand in
my kitchen and velcro a melon baller to
the back of my hand it's just like
i just i couldn't do it i was i felt so
like
dumb and emasculated and like
unimportant and like embarrassed i just
i've been hiding in my library all
right
it's been so lame um which sucks because
it's also where i'm sleeping so i'm
spending like 24 hours a day uh
in it's like that movie cube i cannot
get out of this room
to save my life uh anyway so today i
decided to go uh all i had really
prepped for you guys was that and cause
i felt bad about not having the fruit
gloves and so i decided to go for a bike
ride because sometimes that inspires
stories and i thought like maybe i would
i would like take you guys along on on a
journey on a story with me if i could
find some interesting narrative
and uh
it's my i you know my balls are fine now
so i can ride my bike again finally i
haven't been because it's been raining
but i was very excited to get out on the
new bike
it's [__] awesome first of all it's
just [__] awesome like i cannot say
enough good things about this bike i'm
in love with it i would marry it if i
could
uh it's like the greatest thing that's
ever happened to me i'm completely i've
completely got it figured out now it's
so [__] fast which is the part of the
problem uh and uh
anyway so it was just i was having a
great time
stumbled into an amazing situation
immediately where i rode i rode up on a
homeless guy with a big stick who was
trying to
i don't know he was fighting a retaining
wall like he just kept stabbing it over
and over again with the stick like he
was trying to like trying to puncture
this concrete retaining wall and i
thought well this is a great photo but
he looked at me and then he just like
stared at me as i was writing up on him
while he continued to poke the retaining
wall and yell at it and i was like
there's no way i can get around this guy
after taking a photo with him and not
take take a poke to the eye you know
yeah i was like [__] it i guess i guess
that's not gonna be a part of the story
so uh i ride on i go around town lake
and um
i i took a photo of how pretty austin is
and this is this is this kind of the
story i stumbled upon i took a photo of
kind of how pretty austin is not the
best photo of how pretty austin is but
uh it's just a photo here it is i'll
show you guys uh for the audience at
home uh it's just a picture of town lake
uh you can see some of the buildings in
the background there's sun there's
clouds i'm on i'm clearly on uh like the
hike and bike trail
nick loves it down there as do i can you
from this photo can you guys tell what's
wrong with austin all right
is it like the weird layer of scum
that's on the lake at the moment let's
get a little closer i'm not zero in on
an area
this photo is not too powerful it's the
same [__] photo as all the other
photos how's that possible all right let
me see if i can skip that one do a
different one
uh okay so here's a photo
zoomed in a little bit
oh and
jesus oh it's we're not done oh my god
uh here is holy [__] next
i'm just gonna go
i'm just gonna go with the next four
it's
garbage it looks like everybody likes to
come to austin and have their bachelor
parties and their bachelorette parties
and have their awesome weekends uh and
everybody loves to go like paddle
boarding or kayaking or canoeing on lake
austin i'm here this is a public service
announcement to everybody who wants to
visit austin stay off the [__] water
dude it is gross it is disgusting look
at that last photo with the big gulp
it looks like you could walk on that
water like
that's like i've never seen it later
well we just had a lot of rain so it's
worse than usual but i can tell you
because i've been i ride my bike all the
time it's been like this for at least a
year
and
here's the [__] here's where it gets
what really sucks uh look at these
here's i rolled up on these dudes and
i'm like oh check it out here's a
it's like down by where will the turtles
sit is it well it's funny you should say
that here's the next photo here's a
bunch of turtles you see this photo of
the turtles hanging out on the
uh on the log
they're like i can se i watched those
stories for about 10 minutes and i could
hear their conversation the guy on the
right's like amen you jump in and the
guy loves like [__] you i'm not going
and you go in he's like i'm not going in
i went in first last time the turtles
are daring each other to get in the
water and nobody's brave enough to do it
because they [__] know then next to
the turtles i saw these [__] guys
ducks
the ducks won't go in the water they're
having the same conversation as the
turtles you go in dude i am not [__]
setting foot in that because you're
scared i'm not scared you go in i'm not
going in i went in for i'm telling you
dude then you're making us look like
dicks in front of the toes yeah yeah
yeah yeah you're making us like dicks
and friends then this is the ultimate
photo right here huh
a little bit down i found
here's a log
here's a log where
the turtles and the burr and the ducks
are daring each other
nobody wants in this [__] water
because it is gross and this is why i
bring this up i just i was horrified and
i thought it was just [__] the
grossest thing i've ever seen uh and
everybody talks about a beautiful austin
is this weekend actually tomorrow for
every friday saturday and sunday in
austin i guaran
[__] t you it's gonna town lake is
gonna look like this in 24 hours
that's a picture if you haven't seen it
at home uh it's called party island it's
where all the stand-up paddleboards get
together and they build a little island
where they all drink and enjoy the sun
and just [__] up and smoke weed and
stuff that doesn't sound like fun
if you ca for the audience who may not
be looking it's got to be i'm guessing
500 paddle boards and canoes all
sandwiched together on the body of the
same body of water
where all those ducks in the where the
ducks the birds and the [__] turtles
are too scared to go in
every [__] day i read by the way also
the austin water is so gross right now
dogs aren't supposed to go in it there's
toxic algae that will kill dogs every
day when i ride my bike i see [__]
throwing their [__] balls in the
water for the golden retrievers these
people are killing their dogs it's
driving me nuts and
also that toxic algae there's another
kind of algae that if you touch it it
gives you your entire body a rash and
all these people are reporting on reddit
and on instagram they're like what's
happening to me i broke out in a rash i
don't know after i went paddle boarding
stay out of that [__] water dude it
is hideous it is gross that's my public
service announcement to anybody who
wants to visit austin and get on a
stand-up paddleboard or rent a canoe
because you think town lake is cool it
was at some point but it hasn't been in
a long time it is a
toxic wasteland do you think maybe you
got jock itch from that i was about to
say dude maybe i did that's a great i
don't think
i don't think that that's a i'm
surprised you haven't made that
connection
i did it until just now
one turtle got
and the entire animal kingdom refuses to
get in
i think it's i'm connected still reeling
from jock itch i mean my jock itch came
would have come from the other side of
the dam well barton springs god damn it
yeah well let's [__] learn from my
you
you just gave a public service
announcement for yourself without
realizing you're the person who did it
yes
because that's a guy in this situation
if there's anything that funnels
splashes of water down the side of your
thighs towards your groin it's a jet ski
that's the ultimate
it's the ultimate scrut splash
device you just
you did all of that toward people not to
do the things that you did that learned
mistakes
for [__] sake dude that is disgusting
with like a net and try and get some of
that up
like a face river cleanup oh no that'd
be you would there's no way you could do
that you would be
so fast yeah there's there's not enough
trash cans on earth dude
it's and i recognize that we just had a
major major rain and it's dumping a lot
of trash into the water but i promise
you it looked like that last week too
it's not
yeah i've been noticing that um recently
just going over the bridge i noticed
that sort of trash island further in the
middle yeah it was just floating in the
center a few weeks ago i don't know if
it's the the 500 000 people that moved
to austin in the last 90 days or what
but i'm not i'm not trying to be one of
those people
uh but just just stay out of the [__]
water because it's gross and dangerous
and keep your pets away from it the
ducks don't want anything to do with our
water your dog shouldn't either
that's a nice public safety yeah that's
right that's my little story that's the
only story i stumbled upon on my bike oh
oh so then i i take all those photos i
come around i head i start heading home
it's i it's probably an hour later at
this point uh from when i drove past the
crazy guy poking the stick at the
retaining wall
i probably i've done a full loop around
town lake down to the dam all the way
back up to the other end in the back i
stop to take photos a bunch and
like give my condolences to the
[__] ducks and the turtles uh and uh
guess who i see in the exact same spot
doing the exact same thing the homeless
guy is still trying to kill the
retaining wall with the giant stick and
when i roll up on him i'm pretty far
away from him he's already looking at me
he's doing the same thing where his his
it's his right arm is just like
robotically poking it and he's like
yelling it might be some sort of an
incantation or spell under his breath
and he's just staring at me the whole
time man let me tell you
that was i don't often get intimidated
but i didn't enjoy having to drive past
that dude in that moment it i mean i did
and i was fine he didn't attack because
you don't know what he's thinking
because i don't know what he's thinking
and he's displayed an aggression towards
inanimate objects uh on and i'm way more
flashy i'm moving uh there's a lot more
to look at i'm more colorful than a
retaining wall it's way easier like i
feel like i would catch his attention
like he's obviously transfixed and hates
this concrete i don't know what he would
do to me right so uh anyway uh once
again did not take a photo of this dude
because i'm pretty sure he would have
killed me uh and then we'd be you guys
would be [__] you guys would be right
now trying to put a podcast together
making fun of me for being
20 minutes late to my own podcast and
i'm late because i'm either dead or in
the emergency room
boy would you feel bad
uh
anyway so then the last p what i thought
was the last piece i thought that was it
i thought that was one of my photos i
was gonna share with you i'm gonna share
one more with you that happened on the
way home that's the owie i got from the
first bike rack on my new bike
is that your knee it's a stinger dude
it's my knee yeah did you come off
oh yeah i [__] my i'm not even
i'm not even gonna be brave dude i'll i
i i sniffled a little bit when i did it
i was like i was going like maybe 12 or
14 miles an hour and i was crossing a
four-way and
uh i was actually in a bike lane but you
know how like
like they have like raised curbs
i just i guess i was just like
just going a little too close to the
curb and you know how like sometimes if
you're like you're turning hard and your
your pedal might hit the ground and
it'll just scrape and like grab you a
little bit you keep going well that kind
of happened but it was with the curb
except i guess i was going fast enough
and
the pedal must have just got
hooked into the curb so that my whole
bike just hit it and did an immediate
left turn like the whole thing just
swung around like on a stripper pole and
sent the right half of my body one way
and the left half of my body on the
other way and i landed
i landed on my knee right there with my
body pushed to the right so i sprained
my knee to the right brutally but as i
was doing that it was
the momentum was pulling me away so my
legs shot out the other direction and so
my left ankle got sprained going left so
like i've got a right sprain on my left
knee and a left sprain on my left ankle
so it's almost impossible to walk it
hurts like there's no there's nothing i
can favor you know like if i go like oh
i'll just walk on the left a little bit
then it just hurts the knee if i go i'll
walk on the right a little bit it hurts
the ankle uh also the one thing i'm
trying not to do right now is is cause
too much damage to my balls
uh because i'm i'm still i'm barely four
weeks past the the vasectomy i racked my
balls so [__] hard on my bike
i saw purple like the world went purple
for a second just from the ball pain i
had to get over the ball pain before i
could even assess my knee and my leg and
then i had to ride my bike home it
[__] hurt and it hurt did you not sit
on the
bar in the middle of the bike
yeah yeah yeah
yeah dude i almost like
you know how like your balls are
connected to your tongue all the way
through your body
like i hit my balls so [__] hard i
could feel like my throat was trying to
eat my tongue
it hurts so bad oh it's reeling your
tongue down your throat yeah and then
and then as that subsided a little bit
and i realized that i probably hadn't
like broken my dick in somewhere that i
needed to go the emergency room for to
get re you know reaffixed
uh just all the [__] leg pain really
really hit me uh so knocked that out got
got past my first bike rack on the new
bike bike did swimmingly well by the way
it didn't even not a scratch on it uh i
i think my body took
all of the scratches
uh
so i thought that was the end i thought
that was the end of of my photo i
thought like oh cool i get one more
photo out of the day for these guys that
i can share with them and then before
you move on what was what's now the
integrity of your ankle because
obviously andrew's at 100 yeah i'd love
to hear yeah somebody who's a hunter
moment
i would say my knee is at like sixty
percent maybe and my ankle is at like
thirty five percent oh
yeah like i'm pretty i'm pretty hard
limping right now okay
yeah i can't really bend it um so i'm
i'm a little bummed out i'm bummed out
because uh i hate to see austin look
gross i hate my city to be gross i hate
that i rode around my favorite spot for
45 or two hours today and i was just
assaulted by the smell of like
[__] gross trash and mildew and
like human theses and stale booze and it
just it was so [__] gross today i was
really it was a real bummer um and for
for those of you people that are like
well if you if you hate it so much do
something about it i go and pick up
trash in my neighborhood park like three
times a month uh i try to do i i do try
to do my part um anyway so i get home
feeling a little dejected and pretty
sore and bummed that i gotta go hide in
my library next to my bed where i have
like one inch to move around uh because
i'm definitely not feeling like a cool
guy that wants to hang out in his house
around a bunch of way cooler dudes who
are doing hard work that i'm paying him
to do while i'd [__] hide like a
troll
uh and this was on my front door
oh
huh and then i got a text from gavin
that said uh
you have a package
so i was like what i went to that
and then here so here's i wanted to get
my i wanted to get the full story so
here's my face
uh i want gavin i wanted you to see my
my actual reaction so here's my face
when i realized that you sent me flowers
uh and a gold a gold some sort of a
golden package i was like i was like
what
yeah that's me
so then i open it up and there's a
[__] i won't show you the inside of
the card because it's very personal uh
well it's not that personal but
it sounds cooler if i say that uh
there's a card that says face guilt
basket which i thought was really sweet
are they really really really sweet
and then inside of it
was uh
not just the flowers the roses and stuff
uh gavin and meg also got us uh tiff's
treats which is a local awesome cookie
company that everybody loves and my
favorite ice cream cookie two-step
bluebell cookie two-step i couldn't
believe you remembered and you got my
favorite ice cream i [__] love you
for that i also um i ordered the tiff's
treats came with a little
jar of milk and i made sure to remove
that because you hate it
i do hate milk and then i realized that
the ice cream and the cookies were
sitting on top of something and i
thought it was just like padding but i
took the rest of the box apart and they
were hiding this which i guess was the
real gift
you gave
jeff a ps5 because you missed your
dinner gavin bought me a ps5 i haven't
owned a playstation since the ps2
i can't believe it i'm so excited look i
thought i would hit the guilt basket
hard i thought i'd go all right nick
said to kevin do you want to go to
dinner
i thought i don't want you to not invite
me to dinner again because uh my like my
you know integrity is falling apart so
here's a little make good and also
this was a double whammy for me because
i remember a time obviously you're not a
playstation guy you're a massive xbox
guy and i remember a time when bernie
gave you a ps3 and you were annoyed
like back in the day like maybe like 14
years ago or something you just had a
ps3 on your desk you like what and you
were like annoyed like moving in
unplugging it so i thought i wonder if
you have the same reaction to a ps5
no it meant the world to me actually
here's my actual reaction i took another
photo after the ps5
that's my final photo that's my that's
my ps5 face no it's [__] it's
incredibly sweet i needed it i love it
i've thought about buying one a few
times because people keep telling me
that i specifically would love horizon
zero dawn and horizon forbidden west or
whatever and uh and then
you got it for me and now like dude i
was actually thinking like i'm never
gonna be a streamer but if i ever was i
was trying to figure out what my angle
would be and i thought like maybe my s
my my streaming uh angle could be i play
all the playstation games that i've
never played uncharted god of war
[__]
i don't know there's probably others the
spider-man game everybody loved uh what
other big sony properties are there gran
turismo
ghost of sashima yeah that's everybody
loves that game uh and uh now i can now
i have access to all this uh
you've opened my world up gavin
i thank you so much i i really
appreciate it you have no idea how much
it means hey you're welcome
it's incredibly generous this is a
wonderful thing i think my favorite part
of it is if you look at the first photo
with the where it is like on the
doorstep it kind of looks like they used
a tablecloth from a restaurant like it
really ties it all together like the
bagginess of it i just see tablecloth
from it all it works perfectly i don't
know what you um don't really get from
these pictures is the fact that on the
way to deliver it uh meg took quite a
harsh left turn and it all went flying
across the car and all the water from
the flowers spilled across all of our
back seats and on the playstation
that you might need to top up that verse
but i'll definitely top up the vase
than that i think it all got there in
one piece
that's fine but did she make a harsh
left turn to dodge the dude who wrecked
his bicycle
and uh i think this works for you
because uh you know you you're the first
recipient of my guilt basket and it also
works for me in that i've now set that
as a standard for me missing an event
and i don't want to have to go through
buying all this [__] every time yeah
keep me on my toes keep me on time and
uh keep me in attendance well here's
what i can recommend to anybody who
listens to this podcast uh make every
opportunity you can to make plans with
gavin
[Laughter]
every opportunity you have make plans
with gavin and don't be one of those
people who nags him and reminds them i
actually thought on saturday in the
middle of the day i thought i just
didn't gave a text like can't wait for
tonight you know looking forward to
hanging out
and i thought nah that's lame
and it turns out it was lame because it
got me a ps5
and i figured if you if uh if it'll just
sit and rock behind your tv you could
just give it to millie i'll give it to
somebody like no dude i'm gonna play the
dick side of that are you kidding me
it's awesome i i actually i made a
friend recently who is a playstation
gamer and was like we could play games
together and i was like yeah i don't
have a playstation now i can play
friends video games with him that's
perfect
what's holding you back from the
ultimate gaming experience is it the
hundreds of dollars it costs for your
setup or are you the busy on the go type
with only minutes to spare level up your
game with backbone the universal gaming
essential that it instantly enhances
your gaming experience on mobile
backbone just released a playstation
edition of their beloved backbone one
the officially licensed controller for
playstation was brought to life in
collaboration with playstation's design
team the elegant colors materials and
finishes are all inspired by the design
of the ps5 dual sense controller all the
way down to the transparent face buttons
and its visually distinctive floating
appearance
simply plug in your iphone to the
backbone and enjoy console quality
controls as you play console games via
remote play or cloud streaming services
and app store games being able to play
things like ghost tsushima or horizon
forbidden west i mean so many amazing
playstation titles on the go as well as
mobile like call of duty mobile like
there's so many great games having an
amazing controller mimic the physical
controller experience you have but on
the go it's fantastic backbone is great
go to playbackbone.com
face
now to order your backbone for a limited
time and get free access to over 350
console games and perks backbone is now
the official partner of diablo mortal
not only is the game specifically
optimized for backbone but you will also
receive 10 dollars of in-game perks find
your next adventure at playbackbone.com
face
this ad is brought to you by hellofresh
america's number one meal kit
have a packed schedule this fall
hellofresh's is covered with a weekly
selection of 30 plus recipes and 70 plus
convenience items all delivered to your
door
now more than ever we're all looking for
ways to save money in fact hellofresh is
25 percent less expensive than takeout
and is even cheaper than grocery
shopping too
hellofresh is here to make your hectic
fall weakness a little easier and a lot
more delicious they're quick and easy
meals including 20 minute meals low prep
and easy cleanup options take the stress
out of meal time with time saving no
fuss recipes ready in a snap i love
hellofresh every time i talk about i
love getting the box the meals are
delicious the recipes are great it's so
easy no matter what level of experience
you have as a chef
it's just a great thing to have
fantastic product i love it so much
so if you want to try hello fresh go to
hellofresh.com
face 16 and use code face 16 for 16 free
meals across seven boxes and three free
gifts
that's hellofresh.com
face16 and use codeface16 for 16 free
meals across seven boxes and three free
gifts
a few decades ago private citizens used
to be largely that private what's
changed the internet think about
everything you've browsed search for
watched or tweeted now imagine all that
data being crawled through collected and
aggregated by third parties into a
permanent public record your record
having your private life exposed for
others to see what was once something
only celebrities worried about but in an
era where everyone is online everyone is
a public figure to keep my data private
when i go online i turn to expressvpn
did you know there are hundreds of data
brokers out there whose sole business is
to buy and sell your data the worst part
is they don't have to tell you who
they're selling it to to get your
consent
one of these data points is your ip
address data harvesters use your ip to
uniquely identify you and your location
but with expressvpn
my connection gets rerouted through an
encrypted server and my ip address is
masked look at that what a great feature
masking i love when a thing is masked
keeps me private every time i turn
expressvpn on i'm given a random ip
address shared by other expressvpn
customers that makes it more difficult
for third parties to identify me and
harvest my data
and the best part is how easy expressvpn
is to use no matter what device you're
on phone laptop or smart tv all you have
to do is tap one button to get protected
so if like me you believe that your data
is your business secure yourself with
the number one rated vpn on the market
visit expressvpn.com
face and get three extra months for free
that is expressvpn.comsvpn.com
face go to
expressvpn.com to learn more
well you're not the only one who has
taken a fall recently jeff oh my god i
fell and it was i'm sorry we have a
uh no we're good everything is fine it's
the photo i i also have a photo or two
i'd like to share so please as stated
previously my chair had been broken for
months and i had continued to use it out
of the hope that it would completely
collapse while we were recording
at one point it finally it hit its last
legs last night it got to the point
where the front part of it was
constantly tilted forward it was so
uncomfortable to sit in but i was just
holding out i was hoping and uh last
night i dropped something off my desk
and i went to pick it up and it snapped
again on the forward angle and i tried
to recover by going middle you know like
tony hawk games when you're grinding and
you have the balance meter that you're
trying to do it was as soon as i got
back to the middle it immediately shot
left and it dumped me so hard i hit the
ground so hard it is the most broken
chair it looks like an amusement park
ride i'm gonna put a photo on the
discord right now at the chair this is
the natural position of the chair
for this part
it looks like a chair trying to
impersonate somebody on like a disney
ride with their hands up like it's going
sideways around the turn with the thing
i ate [__]
and i was so disappointed that it was
not on the show i had been hoping so
this was after you talked about it
breaking last time this has happened yes
this was that was after it was broken
but i was still making it work and now i
had to go buy a new chair because that's
why did it dump you off it dumped me
yesterday okay what time last night that
would have been a great if you and jeff
hit the ground at the same time
did it dump you at like 7 p.m or to dump
you at like three in the morning oh it
dumped me at like 7 p.m it was it wasn't
like early early yeah was it loud enough
to alert neighbors oh it was so loud i'm
sure they were alerted yeah for sure it
was it was louder than i think the sushi
fall the impact was was huge how long
did you have to lay on the ground before
you decided you could move
i laid on the ground for like two
seconds in shock and then i laughed
really hard for about five seconds and
then i just laid there for probably
another minute processing how broken the
chair was
it's fantastic i'm really excited that
we missed all the furniture in your room
just jumping like half an inch
so that was my my night that's a new
addition to uh people if they want to
update the drawing of your room
[Laughter]
i also i feel like i should wrap up the
end cap thing because we're doing that
yeah yeah please please please did we
determine whether they were actually end
caps so that's i've got a whole lot to
go through so i completed the challenge
and it was really boring and i feel bad
about that i wish it was more exciting i
just ended up eating chicken and like
pasta for a week it wasn't it was dull i
got incredibly lucky but the the real
point of contention
because i was sick i couldn't go get it
myself was did my mom understand what
end caps were based off the photos
there's a lot of disagreement i felt
confident but as we stated i have salad
cream in my dna you never know
can't be confident
so i went grocery shopping yesterday
to review the end cap situation
i'm gonna take i'm gonna take should i
post the ones that were up for dispute
last time as a refresher yeah yeah okay
so these these were the two
there are three of them but these are
the two i haven't i need to find because
when i went back i realized how lucky i
was
when i went the first time there were
chickens in the end caps and that was
mainly what i went off of
when i went yesterday everything was
different in the end caps and it i don't
think i would have been able to do it if
i started this week wow so those were
some of the encaps that you guys didn't
think were in caps here is
an alternate view
of said end caps
as you can see
very clearly end caps oh my edges of
their row
uh now the last one wow
that was the wider than the aisle
they're very wide they're huge you have
end caps that are literally wider than
the aisles it's like this grocery store
was tailor-made for this challenge
they've almost made an aisle that runs
the other way down the store because
they're so well seen anything like this
in my life yeah they're [__] massive
and the other one that was up for
debate was this which looks horrendous
like i agree that's gross since they
moved everything i couldn't find that
specific one i remember there's a snake
next time i go in there i'll verify this
thing i'll fight it because of the state
but i feel confident in saying that i i
stuck with the rules those are clearly
in caps yeah i did it i just got super
lucky with the chicken i'm really sorry
i doubted your mom
uh she clearly uh shopped for you uh
in these giant a guinness world record
beating in caps
um i have never been in a store in my
life more suitable
for this channel perfect as i'm seeing
here i don't think it's possible in an
heb and in a texas super supermarket i
don't think i don't think there's any
yeah i that's like three in caps put
together just that the one with the milk
yeah and they're definitely narrow ones
but those are like i get the confusion
it's also everything you need like it
really is everything you need there's
milk yes eggs there's eggs there's
[__] chicken there's coffee stuff
like that's a whole week's worth of food
yeah i i got super like mac and cheese
cheese i wish it was harder because it's
not it wasn't funny which was the goal
of it i was like disappointed it's the
first challenge i've done where i was
disappointed in doing it it was kind of
reminiscent of doing the chicken dinner
challenge with pubg it was just a lot of
chicken that was bland because i
couldn't okay on it okay you have to
live for a week but you can only shop at
in caps in a 7-eleven
oh god
the sandwiches just 7-eleven sandwiches
it's like snickers and
[__] like
sour heads and [__] like that i also
need to say that last night sometimes
but the night before we record these
i'll go through our discord chat and uh
i'll just kind of think about what we
last talked about and look at the images
i looked at the drawing i did of the end
caps last night and just went holy [__]
was that bad that that was what a [__]
drawing
having some time away from that looking
at it i think i i delivered the message
of it but wow did that mean you had
covert though i did i was sick i was out
of it i was definitely not in the best
place but yeah it was funny looking at
it last night going holy [__] i did not
realize how ugly this is this is
terrible
that's the end caps well speaking of the
chat i've got an update of my own um
based on what was in there last week i
also have it i'd love to hear yours
let me just give it a little paste
i hope it's not too powerful
i love this is like the show and tell
episode this it is yeah it's a good
recap i'm interested to see if gavin and
i both have an update on the same thing
because i also there's another thing
that was very contentious in the past
that
oh no
put the puzzle back together
it looks like a hockey player's teeth
like the front of their teeth
except there's one too many teeth uh
that's [__] flawless dude uh can i
just say i was thinking about this i was
thinking about this after i was like man
i was genuinely offering to help him and
he really doesn't seem to want my help
with this i guess he's got it or he
either he doesn't want to hang out or
he's just like [__] you i don't think
you'll do a good job pretty confident i
would have done a better job
and i don't know where that missing bit
is yeah you've attached all the pieces
back to the wall yeah and you're missing
a chunk
either the guy took it for reference or
it's fallen inside oh gavin's got hot
i've got a hockey ball that's the
funniest [__] thing
did you
was it like when you do a puzzle and you
realize there's one piece missing at the
end like how far into this process it
was very confusing it was really
throwing me for a while i could not
figure out that middle section
so what's your plan now are you just
gonna cut more of the wall or how what
is the repair strategy uh could go for
tape yeah
yeah
maybe you should just put like the no
scrumping sign over that hole just
pretend it doesn't exist
if you wanted to get professionally
fixed i got there's dudes in my house
right now that do this for a living more
than happy to share the information with
the tattoo dudes
we'll figure something out i genuinely
forgot about the wall what a shitty job
that person did
that's unbelievable
and then whoever did the follow-up
patchwork
if you would have told me that was their
fix to it gavin i would have believed it
that seems equal
they did just that feels like it's the
same energy
it's the same exact energy
well i had another point of contention i
guess to just wrap up the last of the
wrap-up at least from my end
we got into a real there's a real
argument between extra medium
we had recently yeah
yeah does it exist where is it on the
scale
i mean jeff has the clothing line but i
don't feel like any of us are true
experts in the fashion industry so i
took it upon myself to see if we could
get
a ruling from maybe a more established
company or brand so i reached out to
essentially every large fashion fashion
brand i could from
supreme to to gucci
uh prada
nike reebok indeed all of them i reached
out to all of them i sent out over 10
emails
some of them i even attached your
drawing gavin and i will say that i got
a zero percent response rate on ones in
which i attached your diagram
of your size chart
but i did
receive two replies
two different companies i will post
in the chat right now and then i will
read the responses and who they are from
our first reply comes from ralph lauren
dear andrew
thank you for contacting ralph
lauren.com customer
we apologize however because extra
medium is not a size we offer we are
unable to advise how it would fit if you
need further assistance please don't
hesitate to contact us sincerely
kimberly do they think you were like
specifically asking about their products
uh they all kind of they nobody wanted
to take ownership of their responses
they were like hypothetically if we did
that no one wanted to do a general
ruling kimberly is not having your [__]
but she is required as by her job
[Laughter]
which is nice because most didn't but we
didn't get a response from kimberly
and the next response i think is is very
fascinating and if anything it maybe
helps your argument gavin is from
lacoste oh he replied i gotta zoom in on
this cuz small good afternoon andrew
thank you for contacting the cost our
size medium does sometimes come in
slightly bigger and smaller sizes s
m m m l so they do have variations of
medium on the item style such as our and
this is the most insane product
description i've ever heard men's
heritage graphic color block zippered
water resistant jacket that's one thing
as some of our jackets run larger than
usual we hope this information is useful
to you thank you for shopping at lacoste
whether you're shopping online or
stopping by one of our boutiques we look
forward to seeing you soon kind records
jennifer with a y so there's range
within the medium ah there is apparently
range within the medium which makes your
drawing i feel like somewhat valid of
the three different areas within medium
well i think so and and last week in the
merch uh thread was it maxie that was on
my side about it yeah somebody somebody
was on your side all right let me look
at the merch chat
uh
michael's getting really really annoyed
in this slack chat uh because i said if
you were designed shirts
medium-sized determined eric what was
your thought on how that slack chat went
i didn't like it i like what
maxi wrote maxi where extra medium is
medium x medium extra sludge
and then tony
pointed out that there is a company
called marine layer who actually has a
size
with a name that sits in between medium
and large which is
where you your head was going eric and
they call it marge marge i i don't like
march i'm not a fan not at all that is a
bad that's a bad that's a bad thing i
will say
that i feel like we didn't get any
rulings
from people
in the merch team
maxie is on the social team and is
therefore disqualified
from any kind of ruling there 100
i do you like my uh t-shirt by the way
your t-shirt do you like the shirt i'm
wearing in this picture this is me right
now
that's a nice extra medium fit i don't
know mine
why are you asking
i wanted to see what it felt like to
wear a shirt between what i asked for
and what you gave me and to me that is
marge uh-huh and how did he how did he
feel yeah a little bit big could have
done with extra media really
i uh
i [__] i i
hey i was hoping this wouldn't come up
again
and this is this is gonna sound
listen i swear i'm not influenced by the
ps5 in any way
but i was thinking about this in bed
over the weekend and uh i [__]
changed my mind yeah
i did i did
and here's why [__] this is why
here's why no i'm not happy about it i'm
gonna buy you an xbox series x and get
you back on my nose
no seriously it has nothing to do with
the playstation i had already changed my
mind and here's why i [__] i hate it
i don't like it i don't like to agree
with him i was much happier on your side
eric but it was way more comfortable and
feels smarter to be on your side than
his i trust me uh
but i started thinking about extra small
and how the extra modifies small and the
definition of small is time
so it should be extra tiny extra and and
and
i'm not
and on the other end large does the
converse thing like the name large
connotates big and to make it extra
extra large makes it bigger than the
normal large and then the definition of
medium is like in the middle so the only
way for something to be extra not right
it would be extra in the middle no i i
hate i hate that i agree no you're wrong
no it doesn't i hate it but it's not
excellent that medium is a different
medium so it would have to not be true
medium which would be medium it has to
be something else by virtue of the name
nick said jeff is sway but that was my
argument no no that's yes it was so
i think you're just a revolutionary
gavin because that is i just don't think
you made last week arguments well oh i'm
terrible at expressing it
it was very good because i it's so funny
you say that jeff i had the same exact
experience with the same exact thought
process or i wasn't happy about it but i
had to concede to myself that what gavin
is saying to an extent i think actually
does make sense and we're still too far
ahead on recordings to see what the
audience thinks because the uh the big
discussion hasn't really come out yet
but i'm excited
even what you just said gavin came in my
head of like i know you made this
argument at the time but it was just so
shocking and seeing your diagram it was
just i don't think it really landed i
needed time to process okay i'd really
consider a word to def like no it can't
you're you guys are saying that medium
is now something else
you're so if i were to get a medium
shirt it wouldn't be extra medium which
is the most medium
i mean according to the cost there's
like sometimes maybe three different
variants of yours
but that's not extra medium gavin who's
saying that extra medium is the most
medium
well i'm saying that their middle size
medium would be the extra medium there's
not oh my god their middle sized medium
is medium but you're putting but so
medium and extra medium are the same
look if we can
no i think uh extra medium would be more
medium than medium yeah like there's a
range of means no longer than this like
it's like a red it's like a little range
and then extra medium is more dialed in
no isn't there a range though of of
small to like there's large could it has
a large factor right like there's
different variations of what large could
be why can there be a range of where
medium is because actually
and if extra medium is a thing it's
bigger than medium yeah i think like
nick's got it he says mediums rarely
perfectly between small and large i
think that there's there's a range so an
extra medium would be like would be like
pinpointed laser focused like
scientifically the most medium a medium
could be i'll be honest i didn't see it
going that way for you eric no i don't
think it ever goes
because i'm right and everyone else is
wrong so i also didn't see it going this
way
i i'm sorry eric i really would rather
be on your side i just i can't deny the
fact that
he gets into your brain and then it just
[__]
miriam webster's dictionary medium
something that is in the middle position
as in size so what you're saying is that
extra medium is the most medium so
medium is no longer the middle no no
it's the middle
the middle of the middle but what you
did eric you gave me a lodge
[Laughter]
which is
when asked for extra medium something
that doesn't [__] exist i
automatically go to large
yeah
all of this could have been avoided
gavin if you just would have asked for a
march
it sounds like a margin
it sounds like a marge is too much
medium
it's a little bit too big
speaking of which if you want to see
gavin in his extra medium you can watch
the first episode of does it do
premiering on the rooster teeth and the
face youtube channel on
september
2nd
this is how the first episode will be
out but the second episode will be
coming out right afterward i think the
8th or 9th uh so we'll have the first
two episodes of our pilot and then uh
we'll get back in the studio and do a
lot more i think we i think we walked
out of that recording going oh we can do
like two seasons of the show in a day
we definitely did i will say uh i've
watched the first episode about 20 times
now and i
i think it's a good episode i think the
edit that we've got good at edits i
think episode two is going to be way
better i just i just want to say i'm
clearly the worst part of episode one i
will get better audiences
very very mediocre
episode two i'm really looking forward
to there's a teaser trailer at the end
of one that i'm really jazzed about oh
yeah i mean
good no
all right [__] both of you uh when do we
get to record again
yeah that's a great question gavin when
when are you available again uh i'm
available today uh okay so that doesn't
[__] help so when are you available
again
i'm available it's like 4pm i'm
available today all right get the boys
together tell them they're staying at
work late tonight gavin's
ready no i'm also available next week if
you want to do two yes what
you're available next week oh boy okay
let me see if i can oh man i don't have
anything ordered like i don't okay i
could try yeah [__] all right
oh my god eric eric did not know how to
handle no gavin 100
oh because i thought it was two weeks
out at least oh i got it i thought we
were going post labor day i really did
not think it was gonna be like yeah next
week had no idea that might be a double
first i've never seen i've never seen
eric like stymied for a response
to not know how to handle it and i've
never i've never seen gavin come out of
the gate and be like yeah i always think
you didn't want me to be available next
time no i i i sound like you were avail
i thought you were unavailable next week
and then we would be back at some time
after labor day
uh i mean uh next week is i mean we
could do it then i mean hang on hang on
i don't like this answer what were you
gonna say when you were going to put
caveats on it
well i'll be honest
my
my arse and leg still hurts from what i
fell over last time
i'd say
i'd say the left of my pelvis is at like
70 still
and i spent the last week at maybe like
50.
i uh next week i'm open it's
up uh if you want to go after labor day
i'll probably be 100
i mean we have our first
not for long you won't
we have our first office day next week
oh yeah we do
yeah
that's exciting yeah uh i i gotta say i
forgot how much and how hard you ate
[__] in that recording session until i
started watching that
the one the one that hurt was in episode
two and i i must have trapped a nerve or
something because i went every night and
the reason i'm like forgetting [__] all
over the place
i ain't been sleeping good since that
fall my leg
i can't lie on one side because it
crushes my leg bone into my pelvis which
hurts and if i go on the other side my
leg falls asleep and starts tingling at
like 3am
and uh i was about to go to the doctor
but it's actually stopped doing that i i
think i trapped a nervous so i i smashed
something i hit hard you did that's
terrible
and i've been having [__] sleep
oh man i the funny thing about it too is
that at no point in any of those
episodes did you need to eat [__]
no that's the whole point it was not
completely pointless
you kicked the [__] tv with your foot
six feet in the air i was so surprised i
had forgotten that happened i was so
caught off guard in the episode when it
happened i was it was like one of i
think the third night i was up at three
because i had to stand up and sort of
get the blood back into my leg and i was
thinking
all these different things like oh you
know i've wrecked my leg permanently
i've trapped a nerve i've got a blood
clot i'm gonna die i i was just like i
just need to settle down and stop
jumping all around i'm in my mid-30s
i've gotta pack it in and then the the
pain eventually went away and i was like
oh i'm excited for
the next one
i didn't learn anything dude i've been
having that conversation i've been
having that conversation with myself for
17 years
it's
pointless
and here we here i am taking pictures of
my bruises to send you today it's like
you're gonna it's just who you are bud
[Laughter]
well let's try to film it next week if
we can uh failing that are you available
the following week uh well i think
you're not are you i think i'm well
anyway we don't need to turn this into a
whole uh supplemental uh scheduling
episode uh as a matter of fact we should
probably wrap up we wrapped up a lot
today i feel like we did a lot of tied
up a lot of loose ends it was everybody
got to share some photos uh i was i'll
be honest i had forgotten about the
hockey teeth thing and it was great
it was really great to see the
resolution of that and i hope you don't
change it i hope that that's
it is so incongruous with the rest of
your house i love it it's [__]
awesome
and andrew i'm glad you're feeling
better and uh we should probably also
mention
uh we did not record the monkey movie i
recognized that we were very excited we
were talking about it we were gonna do
it it was a big thing uh i think we
talked about it a lot in the episode and
then i just don't want the audience to
be like where the [__] why aren't they
talking about it where that we had
unfortunate scheduling conflicts that
came up and so we are still gonna record
this goddamn monkey movie this is not a
bit where we never do the thing we
really will we really will record in vp2
i'm looking into spreadsheets since i
have more time we're i'm gonna do this
right we're gonna you're gonna get what
you want i'm looking for the star right
the star fade in is that what you wanted
okay
yeah
yeah i'm looking at all the wipes we're
gonna we're gonna get some wipes in
there all right there you go
it's it's it may come late but when it
comes it's gonna be full of banana wipes
should uh
we mentioned road trips
i'm sorry i'm sorry discord cut out so i
didn't hear the transition i'm so sorry
i was just gonna i thought you felt like
you were jumping in the air and you're
just slapping straight back
i'm so sorry
that's so good you raised
i know they'll probably be gone by the
time this comes out ideally but just
we're selling them online we haven't
done that before i can't believe we
hadn't already sold them
yeah they were gonna go on sale right
after rtx i keep thinking we have these
conversations and then i find out that
they're still not for sale so maybe
maybe we sold them i hope we did by this
point they're not available or if
they're they're still available you can
buy one now risky store.com
i think your
i don't i don't know i have no idea i
didn't no i thought there was an f11
store.roosterteeth.com you can find it
my url is way better face needs
check them out
uh
i uh
store dot com where i typed in risky
store.com it took me to my itunes
library what the hell just happened
i'm loading can we oh what's happening
it's doing the same thing get hacker
hackers stay away from rustystore.com
do not
get me to listen to something
this is insane
store rooster store.roosterteeth.com
thanks for listening
to episode 119 of the face podcast uh
hope to see you again next time goodbye
all right boys let's all go ice down our
wounds
hey guys major league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
andrew's ankles are no longer 100
what happened to jeff's car at least
jeff has a nice bedroom it's the go go
now tattoo we are due another betting
challenge hinton really wants to play
paw patrol and once again andrew does
not eat the pencil all that and more on
next week's episode of face
you